- How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    You can compare your actual file and the same file from yesterday (for 
    example) to see the differences, so you don't need to look all lines but 
    only those which diff from one file to another.

- How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You will have several copies of your file, so you will always can go back
    to a point where the bug was originated and it also is a security option
    in case that you lose your file.

- What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    By committing manually instead of automatically, you can decide what to commit 
    and when. This gives the opportunity to split the commits based on functionality.
	By committing manually you can specify commit messages describing what has changed, 
	instead of only showing an auto commit.

- Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git was created for developers, others like Google Docs was created for casual
    people. Programming affects all project as one unit (which is separeted into 
    smaller pieces/files), because of this git allow saving multiple files in one commit.

- How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    *git log -> it shows you all the commits that has been made since the
    project was first created.

    *git diff ID_1 ID_2 -> compares 2 commits, it shows how many lines were
    deleted, how many files were added and the lines that changed from one
    commit to another.

- How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Knowing that it is relatively easy to revert to previous versions of the project, 
    one can have greater confidence without fearing of breaking the entire project 
    completely – that is, not being able to revert back to an earlier working version.

- Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Learning Git!